## Leet Code 03: Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
Given a string s, find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.

Example 1:

```plaintext
Input: s = "abcabcbb"
Output: 3
Explanation: The answer is "abc", with the length of 3.
```

Example 2:
```plaintext
Input: s = "bbbbb"
Output: 1
Explanation: The answer is "b", with the length of 1.
```

Example 3:
```plaintext
Input: s = "pwwkew"
Output: 3
Explanation: The answer is "wke", with the length of 3.
Notice that the answer must be a substring, "pwke" is a subsequence and not a substring.
```

Example 4:
```plaintext
Input: s = "dvdf"
Output: 3
Explanation: The answer is "wke", with the length of 3.
Notice that the answer must be a substring, "pwke" is a subsequence and not a substring.
```

Constraints:

```plaintext
0 <= s.length <= 5 * 104
s consists of English letters, digits, symbols and spaces.
```


## Breakdown of the Solution:

### Approach 1 - Using => Set
-   Use a set (charSet) to keep track of unique characters in the current substring.
-   Maintain two pointers, left and right, to represent the boundaries of the current substring.
-   The maxLength variable keeps track of the length of the longest substring encountered so far.
-   Iterate through the string using the right pointer.
-   If the current character is not in the set (charSet), it means we have a new unique character.
-   Insert the character into the set and update the maxLength if necessary.
-   If the character is already present in the set, it indicates a repeating character within the current substring.
-   In this case, we move the left pointer forward, removing characters from the set until the repeating character is no longer present.
-   We insert the current character into the set and continue the iteration.
-   Finally, we return the maxLength as the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.


### Example Walkthrough
Consider the input string s = "abcabcbb":

```plaintext
Initialize: l = 0, maxLen = 0, charSet = {}.

Iterate through the string with r:

For r = 0: c = 'a'. Add 'a' to charSet, update maxLen to 1.

For r = 1: c = 'b'. Add 'b' to charSet, update maxLen to 2.

For r = 2: c = 'c'. Add 'c' to charSet, update maxLen to 3.

For r = 3: c = 'a'. 'a' is already in charSet, move l to 1 and remove 'a', add 'a' to charSet.

Continue this process until the end of the string.