Given an integer array nums, return all the triplets [nums[i], nums[j], nums[k]] such that i != j, i != k, and j != k, and nums[i] + nums[j] + nums[k] == 0.

Notice that the solution set must not contain duplicate triplets.

 

Example 1:

Input: nums = [-1,0,1,2,-1,-4]
Output: [[-1,-1,2],[-1,0,1]]
Explanation: 
nums[0] + nums[1] + nums[2] = (-1) + 0 + 1 = 0.
nums[1] + nums[2] + nums[4] = 0 + 1 + (-1) = 0.
nums[0] + nums[3] + nums[4] = (-1) + 2 + (-1) = 0.
The distinct triplets are [-1,0,1] and [-1,-1,2].
Notice that the order of the output and the order of the triplets does not matter.
Example 2:

Input: nums = [0,1,1]
Output: []
Explanation: The only possible triplet does not sum up to 0.
Example 3:

Input: nums = [0,0,0]
Output: [[0,0,0]]
Explanation: The only possible triplet sums up to 0.
 

Constraints:

3 <= nums.length <= 3000
-105 <= nums[i] <= 105


## Breakdown of the Solution:
The optimal Solution will be to use Two Pointers.  
We will set one pointer to the first element and loop all the array's elements. 
We will implement the Two-pointer approach, similar to the two or two sums 2 solutions. 
Here, the first loop size would be size - 1, as the left pointer of the inside loop will be  
ahead of the first pointer of the main loop

### Don't forget to avoid duplicates in both the main and the inner loops

- Sort the array: 
    - This helps in easily skipping duplicates and applying the two-pointer technique.
- Iterate through the array: 
    - For each element, set it as the first element of the triplet and then use two pointers to find the other two elements such that their sum is zero.
- Use two pointers: 
    - One pointer starts just after the current element and the other starts at the end of the array. Move the pointers towards each other based on the sum of the three elements.
- Skip duplicates: 
    - After finding a valid triplet, move the pointers to skip over any duplicate elements to ensure that the solution set contains only unique triplets.

### Time Complexity:
 Sort(array) + Two Pointers with two loops = O(nlogn) + O(n^2) 

### Space Complexity:
Depending on the sorting in different library, it may take O(1) or O(n).