## Leet Code 57: Insert Interval

You are given an array of non-overlapping `intervals` `intervals` where `intervals[i] = [starti, endi]` represent the start and the end of the `ith` interval and `intervals` is sorted in ascending order by `starti`. You are also given an interval `newInterval = [start, end]` that represents the start and end of another interval.

Insert newInterval into `intervals` such that `intervals` is still sorted in ascending order by starti and `intervals` still does not have any overlapping `intervals` (merge overlapping `intervals` if necessary).

Return `intervals` after the insertion.

**Note** that you don't need to modify intervals in-place. You can make a new array and return it.

Example 1:

```plaintext
Input: intervals = [[1,3],[6,9]], newInterval = [2,5]
Output: [[1,5],[6,9]]
```

Example 2:
```plaintext
Input: intervals = [[1,2],[3,5],[6,7],[8,10],[12,16]], newInterval = [4,8]
Output: [[1,2],[3,10],[12,16]]
Explanation: Because the new interval [4,8] overlaps with [3,5],[6,7],[8,10].
```

Constraints:

```plaintext
0 <= intervals.length <= 104
intervals[i].length == 2
0 <= starti <= endi <= 105
intervals is sorted by starti in ascending order.
newInterval.length == 2
0 <= start <= end <= 105
```

## Breakdown of the Solution:

There can be three cases:

1) the new interval's range is before the other
2) the new interval is after the range of other interval
3) the new interval is in the range of the other interval

### Conditions:
**Condition 1**:

If the current interval starts after the newInterval ends, append newInterval to res and set newInterval to the current interval. This ensures that we correctly position newInterval in the result list without any overlap.

**Condition 2**:

If the current interval ends before the newInterval starts, append the current interval to res. This means there is no overlap between the current interval and newInterval.

**Condition 3**:

If the current interval overlaps with newInterval, merge them by updating the start of newInterval to the minimum start of both intervals and the end of newInterval to the maximum end of both intervals. This ensures that overlapping intervals are combined into a single interval.

**Final Step**:
After the loop, append the final newInterval to res. This ensures that the last interval is included in the result.'

### Time Complexity
The algorithm iterates through each interval in the intervals list once, making the time complexity `O(n)`, where `n` is the number of intervals.

No additional nested loops or recursive calls are involved, ensuring the linear time complexity.

### Space Complexity

The space complexity is `O(n)` as well. This accounts for the space needed to store the resulting list `res`.